Welcome back. In the previous step, we converted the retrive service, the get services, the get methods to the JPA.
Now let's quickly convert our delete and the create user method.
Also to use JPA, we are using
service, so the thing which we would need to use is user repositoy.
One of things is that the user repository delete method, that doesn’t return anything back.
So I’d need to remove this code in here. So let's remove this stuff as well.
So if it fails it would throw an exception and it would work on its own.
So now let’s go ahead and send a delete request.
So I'm going to try and delete JPA users one.
And I'm sending a delete request to that.
So that's successful.
That's very good.
I'm trying to send the request again. When I send the request again
It says no entity with Id one exists.
So it’s saying this the delete request has failed.
So I tried to delete once and I'm trying to delete it again.
It throws me an exception.
That's pretty cool too.
And also let’s try and
do a get request to users and see what comes up.
And you would see that Id one is now missing. So Jill and Jam are coming up.
But AB  is no longer coming back because the Is is deleted. Let’s quickly update the other one as well. So
create user, the one which we need to use is user repository. Oops!
this is even smoother than earlier.
All that I need to do is to change the name.
Let's see if we're able to create a user.
So let's change this to post. What we want to send is inside the body, the content of the user to be created.
So let's go to the body.
And over here there is name Ranga and two thousand zero seven nineteen which is already present. So I’ll make use of it and I’ll
it’s application, you need to make sure that it's JSON application JSON raw.
If you look at the headers it would have content type application JSON.
I don't need the authorization actually.
But that fine. Let’s go ahead and send it. When I tried to create the user I got an exception. It says constraint violation
exception. What is happening is hibernate uses a sequence.
Since we said on the user entity we said ID is generated value.
So what Hibernate is doing is it created a sequence for us.
So if we… if we look at the log and search for sequence, you'd see that there is a sequence which is being
created and the sequence starts with one.  What’s hibernate… what Hibernate is doing is it's trying to insert
a row with Id one.
And this conflicts with the data we already have.
So the in-memory database we configured, we probably populated with some data, right?
So source main resources in our data dot sql.
What did we do? With preconfigured some data in.
So I’ll do is I’ll take a kind of a workaround. So I’ll say, this is ten thousand one. So I would be able to continue
with the whole thing.
So ten thousand two, ten thousand three.
So I'm updating the Ids of whatever the data that is being inserted by us.
So this will be inserted as ten thousand one. Whatever data which we would insert through the
services, we will start with one.
Let's wait for the whole thing to pick up and let's go ahead and fire the request again.
Now you get two O one, created.
That's cool.
Let's see if this row is really created in the H2 database.
Let's go to the database. I’ll refresh the page and I’ll say connect.
And now I would need to do a select star from this user and run. You'll see that Id one and birthdate and Ranga.
That's pretty cool, right?
So we are now able to insert a row into the database as well.
Now, I don't need the service anymore. That's the beauty of the whole thing.
You have taken a step by step approach while converting from our in memory arraylist to the embedded
database.
And now we're using JPA to connect to our database.
This is awesome, right? So the entire resource
right now is backed up by the database.
In the next step, we would add more relationships to this entity that we already have user.
And we would add psot to that and see what would happen.
Until the next step, bye-bye.